The Joe Rogan experience. From a trafficking.
That's another thing that we don't talk about.
That is another thing that just goes in and out of the news we were talking
about on the podcast, the 39 or 35 kids that were rescued in Georgia.
And it was a blip in the news, like how, and meanwhile,
I saw a thousand articles on how mean Ellen is. Yes.
Ellie's mean she's so mean. No,
there's like people are out there risking their lives to stop human trafficking.
The rescuing children from human trafficking. Yes.
What is this? Us? Marshall. Wow. 72 million missing children.
Excuse me, 72. Let's say million 72 missing children across Indiana,
Iowa, Ohio, and Georgia in the past several weeks,
the past several weeks. So what is, what is, this is where these,
so when you read an article like that, us marshals rescued 72 missing children.
You,
this is where like all the Q and on people get crazy because they think that
Donald Trump is secretly working behind the scenes to stop child trafficking.
And that the there's like some secret cabal and the government that wants to
enable this. And then Facebook bands Q and on, and they say,
everyone's going crazy. Now, like this,
this child trafficking thing is real. It has always existed.
Did you know that Houston is actually one of the hubs for child trafficking,
Indiana in the U S really? Yes, it is.
Now, how did they, how did they find out about child trafficking? Like what,
what do they, how do they infiltrate?
So usually it's local law enforcement that recognizes, uh,
some abnormalities and their behavior of some of the children. Um,
usually it's certain areas, certain shops,
certain businesses that are kind of harboring these people.
A lot of them just get stopped because I mean,
it's kind of really odd if you're in a van or an 18 Wheeler,
and then there's like 20 kids in it. It's weird. And
we,
as a culture have got to work with local law enforcement to start to curb this
thing, because that's where the rubber meets the road.
I don't know if you saw the story. I don't know if you could pull it up, sir.
But if you saw the story about the flight attendant that helped out the girl
that recognize the abnormality of a girl on a flight by herself and saved her
life.
Yeah. And they had the authorities on the ground when the plane waited. Yeah.
Waiting. Yeah.
We got, we have got to see more of that. And so this is,
this is how we talk about in the army. You got to police your own troops.
We got to police our own. If we are just, uh, uh,
acutely of wa acutely aware of the abnormalities and the behavior of young
children who clearly are under duress,
we cannot turn the BLI a blind eye to it. Why.
Is this not a bigger story in mainstream news?
This is one of the things that concerns me.
I don't understand why you're not seeing this on CNN.
This is not a why aren't we seeing this every day on CNN w that story right
there should be leading everything. Primetime news,
everything that should be leading 72 missing children rescued. Yes.
So how would, how would they th they can't,
it can't be just that they're randomly discovering what these kids in a truck,
or they see a kid on a plane acting weird, and that's how they catch everybody.
Like, right. How are they infiltrating? Like how, because there's,
there's also a bunch of guys that are former spec ops
guys that are working to fight child trafficking. How are they doing this? So.
The solution to this, in my opinion. Yeah, I'll get,
I'll get your answer in a second. Dilution is, in my opinion is actually,
and I will be in huge favor of this,
of literally starting a separate task force to address this and known
hotspots. The other way we're finding out as to answer your question,
the other way that we're finding out as to how they're infiltrating is really,
if you go to hubs of the world, like Houston,
you go to coastal cities where people are actually bringing people into the
country. That's exactly where you're going to find a lot of it.
So if you just kind of hang out around these areas,
then you'll see a lot more of it. You'll discover a lot more of it.
And so Houston has become kind of one of those hubs because of its geographic
locations. It's, it's actually near a port city.
And obviously people are coming through port cities at a higher rate cargoes
coming through at a higher rate.
And so we're actually able to track that a better rate if you're just kind of
hanging around the hoop, you'll find it.
So how are these people communicating? Oh my goodness. This is the,
it seems like if the government can use programs like Edward Snowden
revealed, like, how are they, how are they organizing these things?
And where are they getting these kids? Um.
Again, he's kissing maxi all over the world.
A lot of them were coming from impoverished communities. Um,
a lot of them are coming from impoverished countries and shipping,
shipping them in a lot of them come from an Asian countries actually.
And a lot of them come from right here in the U S and this is
something that, that dawned on me is particularly with having two girls now.
And that is,
it's also my job to continue to protect them and all of these young people.
And it's actually young boys as well. It's not just, it's not just young ladies.
It's actually incumbent upon them to keep them safe. If we can't keep them safe,
then what are we doing here? Literally like, that's our role now,
you know,
as fathers and as responsible human beings is keeping our young people safe.
And the biggest thing is this,
there clearly as an appetite, and they're clearly as a culture for it.
What I want to do is how do we place
extreme punishment on those who behave in this
and partake in this behavior? I'll tell you what it is.
It could be happening right next door to you,
to somebody that seems to be a normal human being. But we have got to stop them.
We have to stop predator from feasting on our children. Yeah.
And it's got to be demonized. Let's let let's demonize that.
Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. How,
how are these people communicating though? Doing it through the dark web?
Are they doing it through forums? Are they doing it through the using code?
Like, how are they doing this? I've heard all the above. Yeah. I've also.
Heard communicating through just open email in boxes. Right.
They don't hit send,
but they have the password for multiple emails and they'll just go in,
get the message and then never open or close.
So it's impossible basically to track. It's just like a draft.
Oh, I see.
And so other people have the logging logging account and they check it out
through the draft. Uh, that makes sense. And it's funny cause this subject,
because of, uh, things like pizza gate,
the subject became so taboo that no one wants to talk about it.
Cause it sounds preposterous because pizza gate was so preposterous guy shows up
with a gun, looking for kids that are tied up in the basement.
And everybody's like, oh my God, there's nobody here. Everyone's wacky.
These child sex trafficking,
fanatics that are interested in this and they're trying to stop this.
They're all crazy people. Right. But that's not really the case. Right?
The problem with something like pizza gate is that it, it confuses everybody.
And you start thinking that all this stuff is nonsense, but then these stories,
they, they make it to these websites and you see that this is a real thing.
These are real news stories, but then they don't get talked about mainstream.
Right.
And, and, and then we lose track of who the real enemy.
Is. Yeah. That's a real enemy. Not felon. That's dangerous. You're right.
Not Ellen mean to her assistant.
Just the.
This is what we care about is so bizarre. It's so it's such a symptom of how,
how sick we are as a,
as a culture and that our per our priorities are so skewed and that
this is sort of accentuated by our addiction to social media and that people
are concentrating so much on things that are trivial and
nonsensical. What's up, buddy? I.
I found an article on routers that said that like the mainstream media has been
reporting on this.
So like that I'm looking through pages to find out details on different
reporting of this. All I'm finding this on is like local news sites.
So how, like, what does that mean though? That it's not being reported? Well,
you.
Don't see it on CNN.
You're not seeing it as like mainstream television news where it's a big subject
that gets discussed that we have a giant problem like this in this country I'm
digging through.
Here. And then like the human trafficking angle,
according to what the U S Marshall has done here,
it's one in four of these kids. So if it was 25,
kids picked up at six or seven of them were human trafficking,
the other 25, 20 or so,
or like kids that ran away or kids that were being abused,
they found them because they were missing.
So some of them missing for two weeks, I'm up to two years. Wow.
Not every kid in a human trafficking.
72, the ones, the 35 though in Georgia.
I think they'll just say it's all the same thing. Yeah. Same kind of thing.
So they're collecting and then they're like reporting the numbers.
So like they're getting the, collecting these 35 kids over a period of time.
And then they're reporting. We found 35 kilowatts a month later,
they found 35, 1.
From, uh, September, which should have been reported five weeks ago.
It says that they recovered,
twenty-five missing and endangered children over the last month.
One and four was part of what they believe in alleged human trafficking
situation.
Obviously one is too many obviously,
but so it seems like there's Al there, they're finding missing kids.
And a percentage of them happened to be a part of human trafficking.
And now here's the question.
How many of the kids that are being human trafficked actually get discovered?
And we're finding this five here, six here, these part of these groups,
how many of them actually are there? Do we know we don't right. We don't,
we don't just the fact that it's a real thing is spooky as. And it's dangerous.
Yeah. It's terrifying. It's terrifying for fathers and mothers. You know,
it's like the fact that we're brothers and sisters,
the fact that it could be someone close to you. Yes.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Go download Spotify.